docs: add server-side data fetching (#693)
analogjs/analog: apps/docs-app/docs/features/data-fetching/server-side-data-fetching.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Server-Side Data Fetching

Analog supports fetching data from the server before loading a page. This can be achieved by defining an async `load` function in `.server.ts` file of the page.

## Setting the Public Base URL

> Analog requires the public base URL for creating the server-side data fetching. Set an environment variable, using a `.env` file to define the public base URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Analog requires the public base URL to be set when using the server-side data fetching. Set an environment variable, using a `.env` file to define the public base URL.
```

```
// .env
VITE_ANALOG_PUBLIC_BASE_URL="http://localhost:5173"
```

## Loading Data

To load the data from the server, create a `.server.ts` file that contains the async `load` function alongside the `.page.ts` file.

```ts
// src/app/pages/index.server.ts
import { PageServerLoad } from '@analogjs/router';

export const load = async ({
  params, // params/queryParams from the request
  req, // H3 Request
  res, // H3 Response handler
  fetch, // internal fetch for direct API calls,
  event, // full request event
}: PageServerLoad) => {
  return {
    loaded: true,
  };
};
```

> ## Injecting Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Injecting Data

Accessing the data fetched on the server can be done using the `injectLoad` function provided by `@analogjs/router`. This can be used with Component Inputs and Component Input Bindings provided in the Angular Router configuration.
```

Author: I separated this section based on your comment. Could you please check the `Injecting the Data` section?

### With Route [`componentInputBinding`](https://angular.io/api/router/withComponentInputBinding) enabled

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the Angular Router for `Component Input Bindings`, add `withComponentInputBinding()` to the arguments passed to `provideFileRouter()` in the `app.config.ts`

"```ts
import { provideHttpClient } from '@angular/common/http';
import { ApplicationConfig } from '@angular/core';
import { provideClientHydration } from '@angular/platform-browser';
import { provideFileRouter } from '@analogjs/router';
import { withNavigationErrorHandler } from '@angular/router';

export const appConfig: ApplicationConfig = {
  providers: [
    provideFileRouter(
      withComponentInputBinding(), 
      withNavigationErrorHandler(console.error)
    ),
    provideHttpClient(),
    provideClientHydration(),
  ],
};
```"
```

Author: I also make some updates on this comment as well. Could please check the `Injecting the Data` section?
